Adding a platform views page. (#4667)
flutter/website: src/docs/development/platform-integration/platform-views.md

---
title: Hosting native Android and iOS views in your Flutter app with Platform Views
short-title: Platform-views
description: Learn how to host native Android and iOS views in your Flutter app with Platform Views.
---

As of the Flutter 1.22 release, you can now host
Android and iOS views from your Flutter mobile app.
This allows you, for example, to use the native
Google Maps from the Android and iOS SDKs
directly inside your Flutter app, by using Platform Views.
The [`google_maps_flutter`][] and [`webview_flutter`][]
plugins are both updated (and are in `developer_preview`)

> with the new functionality.

Reviewer: we are announcing that these are production ready, and have reached 1.0.

[`google_maps_flutter`]: {{site.pub}}/packages/google_maps_flutter
[`webview_flutter`]: {{site.pub}}/packages/webview_flutter

This page discusses how to host your own native components
within a Flutter app.

> ## Hybrid composition on Android

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Android
```

> Hybrid composition on Android is enabled by default,
> and only requires API level 19 (instead of API level 20,
> as the previous version required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flutter supports two modes: Virtual displays and Hybrid composition.

In 1.22, Hybrid composition is enabled by default, 
and only requires API level 19 (instead of API level 20,
as the previous version required).
```

Reviewer 2: Would be useful to have some explanation of the tradeoff between the two

Also, these updates fix all known keyboard,
and accessibility issues for Android views.

> ### On the Dart side

Reviewer 2: Do we want a section about using VDs here?

        flutterEngine
            .getPlatformViewsController()
            .getRegistry()
            .registerViewFactory("hybrid-view-type", new NativeViewFactory());
    }
}
```

For more information, see the API docs for:

* [`PlatformViewRegistry`][]
* [`PlatformViewFactory`][]
* [`PlatformView`][]

[`PlatformViewFactory`]: {{site.api}}/javadoc/io/flutter/plugin/platform/PlatformViewFactory.html
[`PlatformViewRegistry`]: {{site.api}}/javadoc/io/flutter/plugin/platform/PlatformViewRegistry.html
[`PlatformView`]: {{site.api}}/javadoc/io/flutter/plugin/platform/PlatformView.html

Finally, modify your `build.gradle` file to require
version 19 (or later) of the Android API.

```gradle
android {
    defaultConfig {
        minSdkVersion 19
    }
}
```

### Performance

Hybrid composition on Android works best on Android 10 or above.
On lower versions of Android, the Flutter UI can appear slower
while the native view is rendered on the screen.
This overhead is due to the synchronization of Flutter frames to the
Android view system.

To mitigate this issue, we recommend that you avoid displaying
the native view while an animation is taking place in Dart.

> For example, you could use a placeholder such as capturing a

Reviewer 2: It's not completely trivial for someone reading this to know how to do it, if we suggest it maybe refer to an example?

Author: Agreed! @blasten has indicated that he will add examples when I land this PR.

screenshot of the native view and rendering the placeholder
while the animation is happening.

## iOS

> Lazy initialization removes the use of iOS resources before a

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this sentence
